Could it be that he's in debt in the solvent and the authorities have found out that we're
married and they want me to pay it off for him knowing I have money?
I don't have any money, don't look for me.
For money, just a reminder that you and this marriage between you and it's not good for
each other to keep dragging it out.
As you said, come to wins at 8 o'clock tonight and we'll talk it over.
As long as they don't ask me to pay back to debt, okay, I'll see you tonight at 8 p.m.
Okay, I'll see you at 8 p.m.
Thank you.
I've got a hold of your wife and made an appointment to talk about her 8 o'clock tonight.
Are you coming?
Me?
Then what do I need you for as my lawyer?
Yikes.
Yes, tomorrow.
You don't have to come to the office today, meet me at the airport and we'll fly to the west.
The one in the west makes me uncomfortable, luckily it's not affecting the world.
Miss White, it's past 8 already, why aren't you here?